now let's meet a weekend when they were vicky design 1 converted
of energy
what is the use of the waste of energy that the
movement of the air and transforms it into a rotation movement united spinal
this apparently very complicated but that finally has is an engine that
need fuel
an ecological 1 deco engine
We are going to know why I ban one of the main goals in 2015 image
international
of inventions insidias
my profession 3
p make matrices devices and machines
my concerns are a little modify
the reality that surrounds us
adds to make an ecological tour engine that
because I respect nature
we are also polluting
we try not to agree with
all the products that are doing this plus this car
it is a continuous pollution and oil seems to me that it has another
more practical application than what we are doing
follows him for every liter of naphtha
we take a fourth part of the other
all monkeys p
that mosquera war
josé electric are pinilla
the main obstacle is still the little autonomy neither time nor substantives
to recharge the batteries
then it occurred to me like the electric car and Spain because it has to
be possible
look for how you can recharge the electric car
of the difficulty that all companies have
recharge now yes us in your famous
2 million electric cars
the pollution will be much higher
because they're going to have to do in twenty more atomic power plants to be able to
supply
in that attempt not
I did not finish an electric car because I split with what
do what
I missed silver
Then I thought
puno steel manual
and use a valley system that I have patented
to be able to achieve
the use the kilo what to say but there are times that I believe
a
a provocation
not continuing or continuing
to cause this I can do a multiplication
of strength and power to achieve in the steering wheel
give it enough strength to generate current
atlanta in these two weeks that codelco
what to do the dance
of the little hand when one works
the other is free when
the other works
the dialogue is free
means
this movement continues the rotation
of the crown
keep going
and Kate always throws
with this multiplication that I take from here the transfer
to the auction house
the multiple art cam
has 1
1 4
it means that when I do here
here I have 160 in this one
and I'm multiplying it back from gara 2000 like this one thousand five hundred thousand six hundred
the steering wheel is the one that accumulates the force
of the impulse and at the same time
with a tradition of
what belt
hacienda del vino death that chic ftps perimentral walnut
It has not finished
so
with this I can that power a battery as I can power light as
I can feed
what can be put
no mole apparatus mental health or computer food poverty
they can not pay
that's why the inventor a battery charge
and that leaves for free
do not confuse
yes no l doors of a person
can be put in a mill
of wind what its traps to draw water to generate current because
the motte part
of the
of the windmill
the function of the pendulum
12 is attached randomly to the lever to do this
and generate more current draw water
and thanks Argentina pampa we have 600 thousand mills
and people do not have access to the current
hillary clinton
in addition and in the case of catastrophes
is important to have
an object that does not use fuel because it demanded that you can not go
liverpool appliances
enforce
because it can explode
when it comes to do when there are record losses
penalty
and with this I can give yet I owe perez
there is no problem